Add gateway claiming reference (#295)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/gateways/gateway-claiming/_index.md

---
title: "Gateway Claiming"
description: ""

> distributions: ["Enterprise", "Cloud"]
> --- 
> 
> Gateway claiming {{< new-in-version "3.12.0" >}} is a mechanism that transfers gateways securely from one user(tenant) to another. This section provides guides for making gateways claimable and claiming them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distributions: ["Enterprise", "Cloud"]
new_in_version: 3.12.0
--- 

Gateway claiming is a mechanism that transfers gateways securely. This enables transfer of ownership between users as well as between tenants. This section provides guides for making gateways claimable and claiming them.
```

<!--more-->

{{< warning >}} This is an experimental feature. {{</ warning >}}

## Who is it for?

It is used to transfer ownership of a gateway from a gateway maker to a gateway owner, or to a new gateway owner.

### Typical use cases

> 1. Purchasing a new gateways and registering it to the Console in an easy and secure way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Purchasing a new gateway and registering it to the Console in an easy and secure way.
```
